hey guys I've got my Subaru Legacy GT
here it's got the silver wheels right
now as well silver paint I'm gonna
switch the color of the wheels over to
gunmetal gray with the Plasti Dip so
everyone's told me that I don't actually
need to tape off the wheel itself so if
we want to take a look how it looks
right now is just pure silver wheel I'm
going to tape off the rotor is all and
then I'm gonna use the cleaning solution
which is right here to apply to the
wheel to get it all coated so we can
apply the positive to it all right so
I've taken a plastic bag I kind of just
cut it down the center here and what I'm
gonna do is pretty much just stuff it on
the sides of the rotor so we don't want
that rotor to get any Plasti Dip in
there so take this let's see here take
this kind of stuff it down the sides I
make sure you get the whole thing
covered up so nothing gets on the rotor
itself just make sure there's nothing on
the actual wheel itself so I'm gonna
grab my towel I've already cleaned it
but I'm just going to go back kind of
make sure that there's nothing showing
all right yeah so we'll just do a little
bit more prep and then we'll get started
with the spray well I just finished
cleaning up the wheel I sprayed it down
basically with that cleaning solution
and then wiped it all down so as you can
see you've got the rotor all ready to go
and now I have also been shaken for like
the last couple minutes with the Plasti
Dip I'm gonna start spraying just to get
coverage on each spoke basically just
kind of start in the center and then do
the sides so this is a pretty easy wheel
to do but yeah we want to start with 50%
transparency so this is the first time
done this I'll see y'all guys here we go
about six to eight inches away
there it is okay alright so now that
we've got each spoke I'm just gonna do
kind of a short beat around the edges
here and I didn't tape off the tire it's
supposed to just create a gap so we can
just peel it off basically so we're
trying to avoid the the runs on the
first coat so I will let this first coat
dry for a couple seconds here and then
we'll get back at it we actually switch
sides of the cars in general darker
whenever we're working on this side also
we're getting ready to start on the
second count
so we'll probably do around maybe three
four coats on this I guess it's just
whatever it starts to look good so I try
to get about 50% transparency so I'm
gonna start hitting another coat this
one
you
okay cool so yeah we'll come back and do
another kogas so we're gonna get started
on our third code we just let the second
one drive for about 10 minutes and then
after that guys I will probably do like
maybe a fourth coat and some touch-up
and then show you the finished product
so yeah I'm gonna start it here just try
to run the same course every time so
like ID to the front or kind of the
outside rim there and then I just go
each spoke so I just stick with whatever
you've got and then stay with it so me
started
and on the inside I'm just doing
everything right now I'm going over the
center cap and the lug nuts so I guess
we'll see when I gotta take the tires
off how it is on the lug nuts I don't
want it to like peel off obviously so I
guess we'll find out all that we
actually just finished up all the wheels
I winded up waiting overnight because we
missed the bug so we had to do another
coat but yeah take a look over here this
is the end product it will get another
one with everything
undone but this is pretty much done I've
still got the plastic on there but we'll
be peeling all this off and then we'll
be taking the plastic off as well and
then we'll probably do like a full walk
around of the whole car and kind of give
you guys a look of everything after it's
all set done alright guys thanks okay so
we finished Plasti Dip and everything
I'm just going to try to go back and
peel off whatever's on the wheel itself
so as you can see I kind of just grabbed
a section and I'm just gonna get it
started around the edge I guess when
you're going it's a good idea we tried
to hit the edge a lot so that it would
make a good clean peel and it looks like
it is actually doing a pretty good job
here so once we're done it's not gonna
get all the stuff on the very edge so
I'll probably come back with like a
microfiber cloth and hit all that just
to make sure it's totally cleaned up but
this is making a pretty good line looks
like right across let's see
there it is oh yeah
might have to come back and hit it a
little bit more with a cloth or
something there we go okay excellent
so the last thing we'll show you we're
gonna just take it outside and then I'll
show you a full walk around how it looks
afterwards all right so here we have the
finished product this is the legacy all
done so as you can see there's still a
little bit of stuff on the wheels I'll
go back and wash this whole thing so I
just drove through my driveway which was
super dirty but all these just kind of
like a quick walk around here looks
pretty good I think I like it with the
black super tinted windows yep there we
go so yeah guys this is the whole car
let me know if you like it or not and
don't forget to comment tell me what
else you think maybe I should do to the
car and shoot me a like if you like the
way it looks and maybe subscribe alright
guys have a good one bye